bpo-46310: simplify `for` loop in `asyncio/windows_events` (#30334)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-01-09-09-13-37.bpo-46310.o_97gT.rst

> Use ``.values()`` over ``.items()`` with unused key variable in :mod:`asyncio.windows_events`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use :meth:`dict.values` over :meth:`dict.items` with unused key variable in asyncio.windows_events.
```

Reviewer: asyncio.windows_events is a private module.
